[docs] document CUDA version support (#3428)
microsoft/LightGBM: docs/Installation-Guide.rst

Refer to `GPU Docker folder <https://github.com/microsoft/LightGBM/tree/master/docker/gpu>`__.

Build CUDA Version (Experimental)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The `original GPU version <#build-gpu-version>`__ of LightGBM is based on OpenCL. This version is a separate implementation and requires NVIDIA graphics card with compute capability 6.0 and higher.
> 
> This version is very experimental and we suggest using it only when it is impossible to use OpenCL version, for instance, on IBM POWER microprocessors.
> 
> **Note**: only Linux is supported, other operating systems are not supported yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `original GPU build <#build-gpu-version>`__ of LightGBM is based on OpenCL.

The CUDA-based build is a separate implementation and requires an NVIDIA graphics card with compute capability 6.0 and higher. It should be considered experimental, and we suggest using it only when it is impossible to use OpenCL version (for example, on IBM POWER microprocessors).

**Note**: only Linux is supported, other operating systems are not supported yet.
```

When I read this, I was really confused whether "this version" refers to OpenCL or CUDA. Could we clarify it?

Author: Fixed in 4a175a9625fe2542abb600bcd6647927157b4dbe.

Linux
^^^^^

On Linux a CUDA version of LightGBM can be built using **CUDA**, **CMake** and **gcc** or **Clang**.

The following dependencies should be installed before compilation:

> -  **CUDA** libraries.

Reviewer: is there some documentation from NVIDIA that we can link to here? I think "install CUDA libraries" is too vague.

Maybe something like [this](https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-installation-guide-linux/index.html)?

Author: Fixed in 4a175a9625fe2542abb600bcd6647927157b4dbe.

-  **CMake** 3.16 or later.

To build LightGBM CUDA version, run the following commands:

.. code::

>   git clone --recursive https://github.com/microsoft/LightGBM ; cd LightGBM
>   mkdir build ; cd build
>   cmake -DUSE_CUDA=1 ..
>   make -j4

Reviewer: I have a slight preference for putting each command on its own line, instead of grouping them with `;`. That makes it a little easier to understand at first glance, in my opinion.

```suggestion
  git clone --recursive https://github.com/microsoft/LightGBM
  cd LightGBM
  mkdir build
  cd build
  cmake -DUSE_CUDA=1 ..
  make -j4
```

What do you think? If you disagree, it's ok to leave it as-is. It's not worth holding up the PR.

Author: I totally agree! But could it be done in a separate PR to change all occurrences of such commands across the doc?

Reviewer: oh sure, no problem. I didn't know there were other places that do this. It can be another PR, and not urgent at all

Author: Thanks! I'll prepare a new PR right after merging this one.
